Chris Alliman MD: Hello this is Dr. Element. This is New Mexico rapid access. It's Friday, April 3 9am expecting patient Joshua will word Date of Birth is 1025 1983
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so we'll get started with that. I don't know anything about you, Josh. What can you tell me why you're interested in Suboxone in the history of the issues.
Joshua Ward: Well I, I went to prison. When I was 18 years old and when I went to prison. I got I got addicted to heroin and when I got out, I
Joshua Ward: I used really really heavily and it's done nothing but taking it back and back. I've been in prison for times I barely got out again.
Joshua Ward: And I'm not trying to be a statistic of trying to break that cycle. And when I was out last time. Like, I know I shouldn't say this, but I was using my sister Suboxone and I say doing good for a while.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. So let me ask a few follow up questions here. How long have you been out of prison. No.
Joshua Ward: I've been out
Joshua Ward: Since last month since Monday.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh wow so recently.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And how did you find out about us.
Joshua Ward: My brother in law.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good, good. Um,
Chris Alliman MD: All right. How did you. So you mentioned that you get started using heroin in prison.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. This was there any drug use before the prison time
Joshua Ward: Just alcohol.
Chris Alliman MD: Just alcohol. What did you have an alcohol problem.
Joshua Ward: Was just socially mainly but a lot
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Did you ever blackout drinking alcohol.
Joshua Ward: While yeah okay
Chris Alliman MD: All right, is how much alcohol. Do you drink at this point.
Joshua Ward: None. I'm on. I'm on parole.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, how long are you on pro Pro for
Joshua Ward: until November.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What do you think about that.
Joshua Ward: Wrong.
Joshua Ward: Yeah, well it's, it gives me it does, it gives me right now. Like, I'm trying to do good. So like it doesn't get it keeps me confined for the moment.
Joshua Ward: So I can get my life going good. If I like right now. I'm trying to think before
Chris Alliman MD: Good. I like to hear that. I mean, often people here think that, you know, parole is this punishment type thing, but it looks like you've got a really good view of it and using it as a tool to help you in your recovery. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And I like that. That's great. So when you were in prison. How much heroin, were you using
A lot
Chris Alliman MD: Can you give me an idea of what that means.
Joshua Ward: Like two three grams a day.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, wow. Yeah. How many times a day were you using heroin, then
Joshua Ward: Every time I come out of him blacked out
Chris Alliman MD: Okay so multiple times like four or five times a day.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: What's your motivation at this point to stay out. I hear not wanting to be a statistic. I'm wondering, more from you. Why
Joshua Ward: I have two kids that I just barely I just barely met and I'm back with my with my baby's mom and like I i just want to be there for my kids and I want to do good.
Chris Alliman MD: That's that's often a very strong motivator, you know, wanting to be there for the kids, wanting to do better that way then makes a lot of sense to me. How old are your kids.
Joshua Ward: 10 and eight.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, let me get a little other information here from you. It's we're working on this and we'll come back to all of it. We're going to get you a Suboxone prescription today. So we'll get that taken care of. Okay, just to put your mind at ease that way.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any allergies to medications.
Joshua Ward: Not that I know I've never had any
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Do you take any medications currently just
Joshua Ward: For my sinuses, like over the counter.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Nothing prescribed though.
Chris Alliman MD: No. Sure. Have you been diagnosed with anything like diabetes, high blood pressure, hepatitis C.
Joshua Ward: I had have saved but I got the Tribune. When I was in prison, this time.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent glad to hear that. Is it gone
Joshua Ward: Oh, yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Wonderful. Any other diagnoses that you carry Joshua
Joshua Ward: I don't know if there's a died on so but i got i have a kidney removed.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So when did you have that removed.
Joshua Ward: When I was 16
Chris Alliman MD: Why did you have that removed.
Joshua Ward: I got stopped by a bowl one and the rodeo.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh wow, okay. And how have you done with that, just one kidney is like
Joshua Ward: It, it hasn't been a problem so far.
Chris Alliman MD: Good, good, knowing that, do you have a primary care doctor that you see.
Joshua Ward: I don't not at the time.
Chris Alliman MD: I would imagine just having gotten out of prison, a few days ago, you wouldn't yet.
Chris Alliman MD: So we are we are not a primary care group, right. We want you to have that in place. Also, you may not need to go. Very often, but just with your kidney problems. You want someone checking in on you like once or twice a year.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: What town are you in in New Mexico.
And aspect.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I don't know Aztec very well. Wow.
Joshua Ward: It's right by finally turn
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so you're out there in the in the corner there.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. And are you working towards getting a job or how are you, what are you doing with all this covert 19 stuff going on.
Joshua Ward: I was going to get a job with my friend's dad, but they really don't want me working out there because he they said
Joshua Ward: They've been out there before because my friends been on pro and they said that they don't want me working out there because he drinks a lot. I don't want me around it. So I got
Joshua Ward: Like
Joshua Ward: It's gonna be, it's gonna be pretty hard. But right now, they have me right they because I was locked up for five and a half years. They put me on a cash assistance and Medicaid and all that stuff.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you're just hanging out at home, basically.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir. You got a
Chris Alliman MD: Good.
Joshua Ward: I got a nice little bracelet that says I can't be
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That the ankle bracelet or what do you got
Joshua Ward: This ankle bracelet.
Chris Alliman MD: How long do you have that on
Joshua Ward: Um, they say, six months.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, wow. Alright, so that's that whole till November time. It sounds like approximately
Joshua Ward: Yeah, pretty much.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, besides that kidney surgery. Have you had any other surgeries.
Joshua Ward: No, sir. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And have you been diagnosed with I need any psychiatric issues like depression, anxiety, bipolar PTSD.
Joshua Ward: I haven't been diagnosed with it, but I was like, I want to get into it. They imprison the phone. I need to get with a psych when I get out because of how much time I've been in prison.
Joshua Ward: Okay, just
Chris Alliman MD: Process through some of that sounds like
Chris Alliman MD: So how much do you know about our program Joshua
Joshua Ward: My friend Robert said it's really good, that he did he really liked it because if you do it from home, cuz he's on parole to and
Joshua Ward: He said that it's like he's
Joshua Ward: got no problems with it. And he said, it's just great. He's all
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Good. I'm glad you're getting that positive feedback. So basically, the way it works. And I've got a lot more questions for you. And so we'll get through those. But the way it works is that you have two meetings a week.
Chris Alliman MD: One is a group meeting with me a therapist and several different patients.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's when we read, talk about your medication.
Chris Alliman MD: See how it's going and refill the medication and generally here for the first 30 days we refill the medication to get to your therapy session. So we have therapists with our group.
Chris Alliman MD: And so you'll have a weekly therapy session when you've attended those therapy sessions, they let me know and I send in another refill of the medication to get you back.
Chris Alliman MD: To your regular group time. So for the first month we do two prescriptions, a week. The idea is to get people to
Chris Alliman MD: Buy into and go to those therapy sessions. What we've noticed is if we do a full week of medication, people don't go to the therapy sessions.
Chris Alliman MD: And this recovery from drug use. There are two things. One is the medication that helps keep you from going into withdrawals, which is very important. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: The other is dealing with the mental aspect of addiction and that recovery happens through behavioral health through therapy sessions. So they're both extremely important and we need you to do both. Can you do both. Do you think is
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. That's what I needed to hear. That sounds good. When was your last heroin use
Um,
Joshua Ward: I, I started doing good in prison. Like my last six months. I got into
Joshua Ward: The program. And so I'd say probably six months ago.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Have you been taking any medications to help keep you off of heroin or you just toughing it through.
Joshua Ward: I was just talking to through
Joshua Ward: And I got a wave.
Joshua Ward: I get general population in prison. Like, that's where all the drugs are at and I went to the art that program, which is a drug robot robot robot rehabilitation.
Chris Alliman MD: Program and prisoner. Sure.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. It sounds like that helped out quite a bit and you were really motivated to work on that. That's really good. I'm glad to hear that.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. All right. Um, you haven't been on Suboxone then either for the last six months. Right.
Joshua Ward: I'm not prescribed
Chris Alliman MD: So I don't care prescribed or not. Right now I just want to know if you've been when when when did you last take Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Yesterday, okay, how much Suboxone are you generally taking
Joshua Ward: My sister goes to 12 and I take one of those in the morning.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And does that help hold you pretty well all day.
Joshua Ward: Yeah, just been pretty good.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent, excellent. So we're probably going to shoot towards getting you your own prescription of the 12 milligrams
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Um, let's see here.
Chris Alliman MD: So you've got an eight year old and a 10 year old in the house.
Chris Alliman MD: And you're living with your it is your wife or just a girlfriend or you said mentioned baby mama and I'm always confused as to what that means. Exactly.
Joshua Ward: She's my fiance.
Chris Alliman MD: fiance. Okay, and your own living in the same house together.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Any drug addiction, a drug issues or addiction issues for your fiance.
Joshua Ward: No, never.
Chris Alliman MD: And she's aware of what's going on for you. Clearly, and she's supportive of the process.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir, but
Chris Alliman MD: What I want you to know is that Suboxone the residue when you use the Suboxone the residue that's on your fingers. The residue that's around your mouth or in your mouth. The residue that's on the packaging is enough to kill kids if they lick it.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. All right. So we always send in a prescription for Narcan the nasal spray to help reverse overdose. Okay. God forbid something happens.
Chris Alliman MD: The kids get into the packaging or you didn't wash your hands. And for some reason, you know, you kids bite net or you give your kids a kiss or something you know something passes along, God forbid, you'll have the Narcan to use for them.
Joshua Ward: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Does that sound good.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: And I'll put multiple refills on that. So if you use one just go get another one. Okay. Yes, sir. Often if that does happen if there is an overdose for the kids. You do want to call 911 right away, also use the Narcan but also call 911 Don't wait.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay good, good not to scare you, but just to be prepared you sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Are there any family history of addiction issues like your mom, dad, your siblings.
I'm
Joshua Ward: Not that I, my, my brother, my brothers and sisters. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Yeah, you did your sisters on Suboxone right
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, sir. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Was it also, it sounds like opiates for her. Was it opiates for the others also.
Joshua Ward: My brother, Mark. He was on. He was on math.
Joshua Ward: My sister, Lisa.
Joshua Ward: She was on heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: We know that
Joshua Ward: Go ahead, she's been doing. She's been very good for over a year now with this walks and
Chris Alliman MD: We're good to hear. We're so happy we have Suboxone to help out, you know, it's an amazing thing. We don't have it for meth. Unfortunately, or cocaine or others.
Chris Alliman MD: But boy, this is great to have for heroin and Oxycodone and all that stuff that we call them the short acting opiate Suboxone is a long acting opiate
Chris Alliman MD: So yeah, those are kind of the terms that we use for him. Okay. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so I've got some yes or no questions here for you. Joshua. These are going to be thinking back to the times when you were using heroin and just again yes or no questions.
Chris Alliman MD: If you don't understand the questions and need me to repeat them. I can certainly repeat them or try to rephrase them or explain them to you. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, there's like nine or 10 of these
Chris Alliman MD: Were you taking the short acting opiates like heroin and larger amounts or over a longer period of time than you initially intended
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful effort to cut down or control the heroin use. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to spend a great deal of time trying to get the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: To use the heroin.
Chris Alliman MD: Or to recover from the heroin.
Joshua Ward: No, I didn't have a problem getting it at all.
Chris Alliman MD: Certainly didn't sell it sounds like it was readily available. Did you have to spend a lot of time recovering from the effects of the heroin.
Joshua Ward: I never really, I never on time I ever got the signals from heroin is whenever I get lot back up and I didn't have it.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned using until you black out and then using again. Right.
Chris Alliman MD: So that that kind of tells me that there's, there were times in there when you had to recover from it. Your body had to work through that blackout time. Yes, sir. I'm going to mark down. Yes, on that one, because that sounds pretty significant to me.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have crazy things or to use the hair when
Joshua Ward: You broke up. What was it again.
Chris Alliman MD: Sorry about that. Did you have cravings, or a strong desire to use heroin. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did the heroin use cause failure to fulfill roles at work at school or at home. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite it causing possible social or relationship problems. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up or reduce important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the heroin use
This
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use in situations that were physically hazardous.
Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use despite knowing that it could cause
Chris Alliman MD: Social or physical, psychological, or physical problems.
Joshua Ward: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. So that's it for those questions. Those just kind of helped me know the severity of the addiction that you've been dealing with. So that's all that is. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you smoke tobacco.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: How much do you smoke.
Joshua Ward: Like a half a pack a day.
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you smoked for
Joshua Ward: Since I was 16
Chris Alliman MD: Well goodness and you're 36 now so we're talking 20 years. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Has it always been a half a pack a day or has it been more or less.
Joshua Ward: It's always it's been more like right now like I'm trying not to smoke.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Was it up to how much was it up to how much did you smoke.
Joshua Ward: Sometimes I smoked two packs a day.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you're working on quitting at this point. Well, that's good, too. So yeah, good. Any other drug use for you. Besides that the heroin use
Joshua Ward: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: marijuana, cocaine, meth anything
Joshua Ward: I've tried. I've tried a little everything but like heroin was my addiction.
Gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Excuse me.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to run through a list of symptoms kind of starting from the head to toe again yes or no questions. There's like 30 of these. So these were thinking about in the last two weeks if you've had any of these symptoms in the last two weeks.
Joshua Ward: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Have you had in the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any night sweats know any chills know in the last two weeks, any vision changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any difficulty hearing know any bloody noses know nasal congestion.
Joshua Ward: Now my
Joshua Ward: I've been really congested really
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have allergies.
Chris Alliman MD: Really bad yeah it can be rough. For sure. For sure. Are you using anything for those
Joshua Ward: I'm taking Claritin
Chris Alliman MD: Okay Claritin is good, we often recommend recommend using a nasal spray like flow. Nice, which is over the counter. Okay, that's kind of the first line and that might help you out really well too.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Any lip sores in the last two weeks.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and you get kind of close to the camera. And let me see that really quick.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, looks like a little, a little bit more than the fever blister.
Joshua Ward: kind of felt like it feels like a filibuster but
Joshua Ward: Like it is not
Joshua Ward: It just like it hurts like a few of those very revealing
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. I gotcha. Yeah, those can you get those frequently
Joshua Ward: Not really.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, often in times of stress, they'll pop out you know so coming out of prison is a stressful time it all this covert 19 and you're in there with family with young kids, and you're trying to adjust all of that there. There's a lot of stress there.
Joshua Ward: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: In the last two weeks. Any neck pain.
Joshua Ward: Know,
Any cough.
Joshua Ward: Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Shortness of breath.
Joshua Ward: A little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any chest pain, no.
Chris Alliman MD: Stomach pain.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Pain with urination.
Chris Alliman MD: Changes in hair texture.
Joshua Ward: Changes and what
Chris Alliman MD: In hair texture.
Chris Alliman MD: No skin text changes and skin texture.
Joshua Ward: Know, I've been really my basement really dry, really. But I don't know. I think it's just good coming from out in there out here.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, you're, you're exposed more to the air into the dryness of the weather, I would imagine.
Chris Alliman MD: Is there any in the last two weeks, any joint pains.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm sure any back pains.
Chris Alliman MD: And nausea, headaches,
Chris Alliman MD: nausea, dizziness,
Chris Alliman MD: No sir weakness.
And also,
Chris Alliman MD: Mood Changes.
I
Joshua Ward: Read like my movement is really like I've had really bad anxiety since I've gotten. Now, you mean like
Absolutely.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Yeah. Any depression.
Joshua Ward: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any suicidal thoughts.
Chris Alliman MD: sleep problems.
No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations
Chris Alliman MD: Monster hopelessness.
Chris Alliman MD: worthlessness, no. Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. So yeah, it sounds like a few things going on. But it sounds like in general, you're doing pretty well deserved.
Chris Alliman MD: Great. Alright, so now we get to the fun time of trying to do the physical the vitals and the physical exam obviously difficult to do through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. Um, I've been watching you and your breathing has been normal. So I'm putting down to normal respiration rate of 18 How tall are you,
Chris Alliman MD: I'm six foot 262 and how much do you weigh
Joshua Ward: 240
Chris Alliman MD: All right. And then the other thing I need is if you can stand up and on the camera just kind of push on your stomach.
Chris Alliman MD: Any pains on in your stomach.
Joshua Ward: Notes or
Chris Alliman MD: As you push doesn't hurt.
Chris Alliman MD: Excellent. Good. Thank you for that. Do you know how to check your pulse.
Joshua Ward: My sister does. She's a nurse. She's in another room.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, if we could, if you want to get her to help check your post. That'll be great. I can time you guys for six seconds.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and then she can check your pulse during those six seconds.
Joshua Ward: Crystal.
Joshua Ward: Mere
Joshua Ward: Man.
Joshua Ward: As yeah I get my full text messages and nurses that have you contacted
Joshua Ward: Is it just how many beats and six seconds.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. And then we multiply it by 10 and that gives us a full minute
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, Crystal. Let me know when you're ready, and I'll start the timer.
Joshua Ward: Okay, I'm ready.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'll tell you when to stop.
Chris Alliman MD: And stop what number do you get
Chris Alliman MD: Seven. Excellent. Thank you very much for your help.
No problem.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so Joshua, that gives us a pulse rate of 70 for the minute
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so we're going to get started here working this stuff out. So it sounds like from what we talked about the Suboxone 12 milligrams once a day has been working well for you.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to get that prescription sent in what pharmacy. Do you want that to go to
Joshua Ward: Care drug and as take
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'm gonna write that down.
Joshua Ward: Actually, actually, you know what, with this coven 19 out. Let me know if that one's open so you might want to do it to
Joshua Ward: To Walgreens and Farmington
Chris Alliman MD: Walgreens in Farmington. All right, is there only one of those in Farmington
Joshua Ward: Now, there's a few. There's one.
Joshua Ward: I know there's one on on East Main Street.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, I'll see what I can find with that one. And I want to check that out before I let you off the call, just so we make sure that we've got to go into the right place.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: I'll also send in a prescription to Narcan a prescription of Narcan the nasal spray to the same pharmacy for you.
Chris Alliman MD: We, we also then need to get you set up with a group for the weekly group meetings.
Okay.
Joshua Ward: I heard
Joshua Ward: There's any way I can get those in the afternoon because like in the afternoon, like when I have to be home.
Joshua Ward: I don't know.
Joshua Ward: I don't know if I'm gonna have to go to meetings for my PO or that like
Joshua Ward: Yeah, I want to do. I don't want to interfere with with what you guys got going.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, absolutely. And I appreciate you thinking through that that's helpful. So I have two groups on Friday. One is at 12 noon, and I've got another one that's at 130 in the afternoon, would either of those were
Chris Alliman MD: Probably the 131 30 okay
Chris Alliman MD: So, you do not need to go do it today.
Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: We will get you will plan on seeing you next week for that one.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, now there's a bit of a process to get into those meetings. It's just like we're doing now, you called into the virtual clinic and they gave you the numbers. So you could get into the this meeting today, right.
Joshua Ward: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So it's the same process, you would want to call in, though, about, if possible, about half an hour before the meeting time
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, because calling the number is just like going to the doctor's office. There's always align and there's always paperwork to do
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so if you call in five minutes before the meeting, you're not going to get into the meeting. And then it's going to be a struggle, trying to get the medication that time. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and the meeting ID is not the
Chris Alliman MD: Same one
Chris Alliman MD: Go ahead.
Joshua Ward: So call 30 minutes ahead.
Chris Alliman MD: Call 30 minutes ahead of time, they won't keep you on the line that whole time if you get done.
Chris Alliman MD: They will, they'll email you the meeting ID when it comes available. They'll have you just get your stuff taken care of and then get off the line and then they'll email you the meeting ID when it's time
Joshua Ward: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So you don't have to stay on the line for half an hour that way.
Chris Alliman MD: Um,
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, so we do have some rules for the group meeting one is be seated. Right, so pay attention. No hat. No smoking no drug use, obviously.
Chris Alliman MD: Also
Chris Alliman MD: These are confidential private meetings, you should be in a room by yourself. Nobody else should be able to hear what's going on and nobody else should be on screen.
Chris Alliman MD: If somebody else is on screen or if we think somebody else is in the room, either will talk to you about it or we may kick you out of the meeting immediately to protect everybody else's privacy.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Alright. So. Not to be rude, but just as you want your things private everybody else wants their information private to
Joshua Ward: Yes. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So, Becca is the therapist that works with us on that Friday 1:30pm group meeting. Alright.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send her an email to help get her connected with you. Hopefully you'll hear from her before that group meeting so she can do your initial therapy, kind of get things going.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: This week, always a little bit cumbersome, as we get you connected to different parts of what's going on. I don't want you running out of medication. So this first time around. I'm going to send in a prescription to get you all the way through. Next Friday.
Joshua Ward: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Then we should have your, your therapy sessions figured out and going and then we'll do like I was talking about those two prescriptions, a week.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Now I've got an email address for you of B C for ever 0113 at GMAIL. COM
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, sir. Good. I've got an email that I'm going to send to you to that email address and it's going to have all this information that we've been talking about in there for about the the group meetings and calling in.
Joshua Ward: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: Are there questions that you have. Joshua. I've been telling you a whole lot of things. And sometimes it's a bit overwhelming.
Joshua Ward: Not everybody
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm want to look up here.
Chris Alliman MD: Let's get into Where's maps.
Chris Alliman MD: What I'm checking on this Walgreens in Farmington
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so I've got East Main Street. That's the one you had mentioned correct
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: And once the address. Okay, so I haven't addressed the 4221 East Main Street Farmington New Mexico looks like it's on the almost on the corner of Main Street and 30th.
Joshua Ward: Yes, sir. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, so that's where I'm going to send your medications to okay
Chris Alliman MD: Good. Alright, so, Joshua as we get off here put reminders in your phone reminders set calendars with reminders on their alerts alarms to make sure that you're getting in.
Chris Alliman MD: Appropriately on time to these group meetings. We don't want you missing because if you do, Miss especially on a Friday, you're going to be out of medication until like Monday.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, okay. So it's imperative that you show up.
Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, Joshua. It's good to see you, unless you've got other questions. I'm going to get working on your stuff and get things taken care of.
Joshua Ward: Okay, so how long before I need to go pick that up.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send that in like within 10 minutes of us getting off the phone off the line here.
Chris Alliman MD: I would recommend that you give them at least an hour, but then give them a call to find out if the medications ready
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The other thing that we always recommend is before you like accept the medication, have them show you what it is, have them count through because the moment you take the bottle from them. If there's anything wrong with it.
Chris Alliman MD: You're kind of stuck. There's not anything you can do because it is it is an opiate. It is a narcotic and they're not going to take it back insurance doesn't take a change on the medication.
Chris Alliman MD: It's just kind of you're stuck for that amount of time. So make sure you take your time and have them double check it. Make sure it's right.
Chris Alliman MD: There, sir. Okay, very good. All right, Joshua. Sounds good. Anything else
Chris Alliman MD: No, sir. All right. Good to meet you today. You stay safe.
Joshua Ward: You too. Thank you so much.
Chris Alliman MD: You bet. Bye bye. Bye.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright so dictating on this patient, you should have mostly inform their second question is patient with substance abuse and anxiety symptoms.
Chris Alliman MD: After many years in prison stresses moderate to severe and includes economic relationship problems along with isolation problems due to the current coven 19 relationships.
Chris Alliman MD: Stressors are moderate he does have good support patient has a strong sense of self and concrete object strong object relations appears abstract on exam patient
Chris Alliman MD: Denies history of psychiatric treatment or hospitalization.
Chris Alliman MD: Physical exam vitals heart rate 70 Pulse, respiration to 18 height of 62 inches weigh 240 pounds physical exam was normal.
Chris Alliman MD: assessment plan. Number one, severe opioid use disorder patients on a continuation plan will start with Suboxone quote dash three one film sublingual e once a day prescription sent in initially for seven for
Chris Alliman MD: Eight days to get him back through group which will be starting next Friday at 1:30pm therapist will be Becca, who will schedule for bio psychosocial
Chris Alliman MD: Nor can also send in
Chris Alliman MD: PMT was reviewed and there was nothing present on that.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Chris Alliman MD: indication for this patient. Thanks.